Hashiconf docs changes (#2178)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/oss/configuration/worker/kms-worker.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: KMS Worker Configuration
description: |-
  KMS worker-specific parameters.
---

## KMS Worker Configuration

KMS Workers require a `name` field. This specifies a unique name of this worker within the Boundary cluster.
The `name` value can be:
- a direct name string (must be all lowercase)
- a reference to a file on disk (`file://`) from which the name is read
- an env var (`env://`) from which the name is read.

> 

Reviewer: Might be good to call out that changing the name will result in the worker being considered a "new" worker in the cluster and being assigned a different worker ID.

Author: I added a note to address this

KMS Workers accept an optional `description` field. The `description` value can be:

> - a direct name string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a direct description string
```

- a reference to a file on disk (`file://`) from which the name is read
- an env var (`env://`) from which the name is read.

```hcl
worker {
  name = "example-worker"
  description = "An example worker"
  public_addr = "5.1.23.198"
}
```

KMS Workers also require a KMS block designated for `worker-auth`. This is the KMS configuration for
authentication between the workers and controllers and must be present. Example (not safe for production!):

```hcl
  kms "aead" {
	purpose = "worker-auth"
	aead_type = "aes-gcm"
	key = "8fZBjCUfN0TzjEGLQldGY4+iE9AkOvCfjh7+p0GtRBQ="
	key_id = "global_worker-auth"
}
```

This configuration must be the same for the worker-auth configuration for the controller if you're
running the controller and worker as separate servers.

> And optionally, a KMS stanza for configuration encryption purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional KMS stanza for configuration encryption purpose can also be specified:
```

  kms "aead" {
	purpose = "worker-auth"
	aead_type = "aes-gcm"
	key = "8fZBjCUfN0TzjEGLQldGY4+iE9AkOvCfjh7+p0GtRBQ="
	key_id = "global_worker-auth"
}
```

This configuration must be the same for the worker-auth configuration for the controller if you're
running the controller and worker as separate servers.

And optionally, a KMS stanza for configuration encryption purpose:

```hcl
# Configuration encryption block: decrypts sensitive values in the
# configuration file. See `boundary config [encrypt|decrypt] -h`.
kms "aead" {
  purpose   = "config"`
  aead_type = "aes-gcm"
  key       = "7xtkEoS5EXPbgynwd+dDLHopaCqK8cq0Rpep4eooaTs="
}
```

Boundary supports many kinds of KMS integrations. For a complete guide to all available
KMS types, see our [KMS documentation](/docs/configuration/kms).

# Complete Configuration Example

```hcl
listener "tcp" {
	purpose = "proxy"
	tls_disable = true
	address = "127.0.0.1"
}

worker {
  # Name attr must be unique across workers
  name = "demo-worker-1"
  description = "A default worker created for demonstration"

  # Workers must be able to reach upstreams on :9201
  initial_upstreams = [
    "10.0.0.1",
    "10.0.0.2",
    "10.0.0.3",
  ]

>   public_addr = "myhost.mycompany.com"

Reviewer 2: Can we update this comment to clarify that these are addresses to reach the controller? It might not be clear, especially if someone is using this as a guide to setup a worker accessing a controller over the public internet (since these are private IPs in the example). Maybe we can add a link to the correct docs page in the comment too (though I realize that might be hard to keep from going stale...)?

Reviewer 3: Just a clarification that these address are used to reach upstreams which could be either controllers or workers. 

I would hesitate adding links to the docs until their published, since there's no way to validate them at the moment.

Author: @malnick do you mean linking back to the `initial_upstreams` config in the overview?

I can put this beneath the Complete Configuration Example

```
[`initial_upstreams`](/docs/oss/configuration/worker) are used to connect to
upstream Boundary clusters.

## Further Reading

For more on how `tags{}` in the above configuration are used to facilitate
routing to the correct target, refer to the [Worker
Tags](/docs/concepts/filtering/worker-tags) page.
```

Reviewer 2: That looks great, thank you

>   tags {

Reviewer 2: Can we add a comment here about how these tags facilitate routing to the correct target? Maybe a link to the the docs on how to configure a target behind one of these tags?

Author: just added a Further Reading section to the bottom of the page with a link to the worker tags page. Is this what you had in mind?

```
## Further Reading

For more on how `tags{}` in the above configuration are used to facilitate
routing to the correct target, refer to the [Worker
Tags](/docs/concepts/filtering/worker-tags) page.
```

    type   = ["prod", "webservers"]
    region = ["us-east-1"]
  }
}

> # must be same key as used on controller config

Reviewer 2: Can we also add a line here to link out to the KMS configuration docs?

Author: does the link on lines 57 - 58 work?

```
Boundary supports many kinds of KMS integrations. For a complete guide to all available
KMS types, see our [KMS documentation](/docs/oss/configuration/kms).
```
